The Joe Rogan experience.
So that's gonna be this summer. They do you wanna do it with crowds?
That's a good question. I don't know yet.
So the Japanese prime minister made an announcement public statement saying,
Hey, listen, we're gonna host the Olympics this summer, no matter what,
one of the interesting things about it is, although it's happening in 21,
they're still calling it Tokyo 20, 20. Oh, wow.
Think they were saving face for all the marketing material that they already
made. That cost them billions of dollars, right? To change the zero to a one,
is that really worth 5 billion or whatever it would cost. That's interesting,
but it's going to be interesting how they figure it out because the Olympic
village is like a town there's 10,000 coaches and athletes from every country
on the face of the planet,
all put into a one mile radius on this Olympic campus.
And there's just so much interaction engagement. I'm talking the,
the cafeteria at the Olympic games is five football fields long.
They've got what? A McDonald's um, like a,
a full size McDonald's in the cafeteria, in the Olympic village.
They've got foods from all different parts of the country.
You've got an Italian station, a Japanese station, American station, you know,
and a Panafric station. They have, it's insane.
You have literally thousands of people swirling in at all times. It's 24 hours.
How go get a big Mac in a, at the McDonald's station all times, bro.
Like for, if you're coming from America, you can go down the street. There's a,
McDonald's within, you know, a mile of anybody while you're here stateside.
But if you're coming from one of these smaller country,
you coming from Guinea basal or you're coming from, I don't know, Qatar,
like you're like, McDonald's sounds pretty good. I don't get this at the crib.
Let me go ahead. Grab me a little quick, couple McChickens,
couple double cheeseburgers, put 'em in the room. Yeah. But you would think.
That's always,
but someone competing in the Olympics would want to fuel their body with the
best possible food, but available.
Some of them know they can't win. Like, okay. You know,
like everyone going to the Olympics, isn't expecting to win a medal like 90.
I say 90%, large, very large percentage of competitors at the Olympic games.
It's a long shot for them to get on the podium.
They're going with the expectation like, Hey, listen,
I'm representing my home country with pride.
I am going to a country that I've never been before. Hopefully I can be on TV.
My family will be watching me back home.
The opening ceremonies is the best experience for them.
Cuz they get to be in a full packed arena around all the athletes that they've
seen on TV. But they know that realistically they're not gonna win.
So when that McDonald's is open 24 hours, they're like, let's go, bro,
we're going here. Do they have.
To pay for it free?
Oh, that's good. Everything's free. That's good. So it's, it's uh,
it's an interesting perspective. Being the Olympic villages. It's a cool spot.
It's gotta be a.
Wild experience to be there. It must feel.
Surreal. It's wild. It's it's wild.
So they're really strict with the way that they administer athletes
and, and people to get in. You have to have a guest list.
If you wanna bring anyone in, they have to be approved seven days in advance.
So let's say my wife, I'm like, Hey,
I want my wife to come in to the Olympic village, check out our living space,
check out the free McDonald's.
Then I have to put her on a list seven days in advance.
And it has to be approved by the us O P C and then also, you know,
the IOC. Wow. And so it's, it's a,
it's a very <laugh> million athletes in the bro.
They're not planned dog. I'm telling you, I'm telling you Joe, like they get it.
They get it in after his done after. And he's like, oh.
After he was done. Well, that makes sense.
He's he's taking that home with him. He's put,
he's putting that all in his suitcase. He's gonna go start a <laugh> uh,
little McDonald's of his own when he gets back to the crib. But it's uh,
so when you get, you have to,
it's almost like going through TSA at an airport, you gotta show 'em your badge.
They scan it.
You gotta get all your bags checked and make sure that you're good to go.
You don't have any, you know, thing lethal in your bags. You get inside.
And it's literally like an apartment complex, huge apartment complex.
Look at line.
That lot. McDonald's is the most popular restaurant. That's crazy.
They're listen. That's a, and they're not, they're not,
they're not getting salads in chicken selects. No, you know,
they're getting burgers,
cheeseburgers and McChickens and single listen you saying, I,
I listen, Hey, whatever you need to do to be the fastest man in the world,
do your thing.
Well, I guess also like when you're done,
you probably just wanna treat yourself. Sure.
You're probably been eating very strict for a long period of time.
Yeah. Crazy. I, that was my, when I won the gold in 2012,
my first meal afterwards was McDonald's <laugh> very first meal. What ya,
what ya have?
I had double cheeseburger with a high sea orange to drink and a large fry.
So crazy story. I'll tell you this story.
So I win the Olympic gold right after you win,
they take you back to what they have like a media house.
So it's got all of the publications from all over the world.
You've got AP sports illustrated, NBC, you know,
just pretty much everything.
And so you go back and you just bounce from room to room. It's like, okay,
we got Al Michaels here. We got Bob Costas here. We got, you know,
Joe Rogan here. And so you go, you show your medal.
You tell 'em about your experience, where you're from, who you are,
what you're gonna do with all this money and fame that you've just won.
And then so soon as you're ushered out of there,
you competed at eight o'clock and you don't get outta there to close to
midnight. So by the time it's midnight and London,
really the only thing open is McDonald's right?
So I'm still in my podium outfit. Like literally what I wore on the podium.
I'm still in it at midnight. And so we go down to like Piccadilly in,
in London and the only thing's open is at McDonald's.
And so we went to like a club for a little bit.
One of my sponsors at the time had like bottle service.
They wanted to celebrate me. So we leave there we go to McDonald's.
I get inside and packed clubs. Just let out.
Everyone's like hungry. They're hungover.
They just got done for the night full of drinking. They're all in line lines.
Crazy. I go into the McDonald's I'm like, I've been this long day.
I wrestled all day long. I do not wanna stand in line.
I just want to see if I can work my way to the front. So I go and ask the guy.
I'm like, yo bro, listen, I just wrestled all day. <laugh> at the Excel center.
I just won Olympic gold. Like you think I can get in front of you?
And he's like, you ain't win Olympic what stop? And I'm like, bro, I'm like,
I won the Olympics. He's like, no you didn't <laugh>.
And so I had my medal in my pocket. I have my gold medal in my pocket.
So I pull my gold medal out and show this guy he's like starts going nuts.
Oh my God, this guy. So he's yelling everyone.
He's pushing people out of the way in this McDonald's he's like this guy just
won Olympic gold medal. Let him to the front of the line,
let him to the front of the way.
And so he's pushing people in the out the way gets me like literally escorts me
to the front of the line to get me my quarter pounder and my large fry.
Wow. It was, it was wild. That's.
The craziest cheeseburger fry story ever.
Cool. It was, it was dope. It was awesome.
That had to be very memorable. Yeah. It was fun. Wow. It was fun.
Winning the gold medal. What I mean, I know you've won the world championship,
but times.
Four worlds, one Olympics, the but how much difference? Nothing like it.
Olympics are the best. It's it's rare. It only happens every four years.
It's a single day event. So you have to be your best on that single day.
You only get one cycle to prepare for.
So we think of our careers like cyclically, where like in a,
if you're an M and may fighter, you're like, okay,
I can get an opportunity to fight for the belt.
As long as I continue to compete at a high level, like keep my brand awareness,
um, at a, at a good place. But in wrestling,
the pinnacle is the Olympic game.
So no matter how many world championships you win, you want that Olympic gold.
And the crazy thing is the worlds are harder than the Olympics.
So the Olympics are a little more condensed in terms of the qualification
process. So at worlds it's much easier to qualify.
So you have 42 guys in your weight class or in your bracket at worlds.
You only have 16 at the Olympics. So in the world championships, I won in 2015,
I wrestled six matches the Olympics I won in 20, only 12.
I only had four matches. And so, and it's,
it's a random draw too. So you could wrestle Russia first round,
which would suck, or you could wrestle Puerto Rico first round,
which would suck less. Uh <laugh>. And so it's a,
it's a really interesting experience the way these brackets are drawn on.
And I think that the Olympic games has become so special because of everything
surrounding it. You get more money, more notoriety, uh,
more recognition moving forward, like winning the goal in 2012,
catapulted me to where I am right now.
Like when I'm recognized or announcing an event,
it's always affiliated with that Olympic gold Olympic gold medalist,
Jordan bros. Like they always tell you, whenever you step off the podium,
you will forever be an Olympic gold medalist. You can't lose that.
You can lose your belt, right? You can never lose your gold. Right.
It always comes home with me at the end of the day,
no matter what I do moving forward. So that's pretty cool.
That is an interesting perspective, right? Because if you're a fighter,
you win the title and then you lose the title in your next fight.
You're a former world champion, former world champion,
but a Olympic gold medalist from 2012,
put the former gold medalist to say Olympic. Yeah. That's that's it's dope.
Yeah. You made it through you did it and that's it. Then there's.
Another guy who it four years later. So yeah, it's uh, it's interesting.
It is gotta be a crazy experience. Catch new episodes.
The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on in your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.